Document -Zunpretty=thir-tree (#1128)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/thir.md

[it may also soon be used for unsafety checking][thir-unsafeck] as a replacement
for the current MIR unsafety checker.

> You can get a human-readable repersentation of the THIR by passing the `-Zunpretty=thir-tree` flag

Reviewer: I wouldn't necessarily say it's "human readable" though. Maybe
```suggestion
You can get a debug representation of the THIR by passing the `-Zunpretty=thir-tree` flag
```
